=head1 NAME

ibdiagpath

=head1 SYNOPSYS

ibdiagpath 
     {-n <[src-name,]dst-name>|-l <[src-lid,]dst-lid>|-d <p1,p2,p3,...>}
     [-c <count>] [-v] [-t <topo-file>] [-s <sys-name>] [-i <dev-index>]
     [-p <port-num>] [-o <out-dir>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION
  
  ibdiagpath traces a path between two end-points and provides information
  regarding the nodes and ports traversed along the path. It utilizes device
  specific health queries for the different devices along the traversed path.
  The way ibdiagpath operates depends on the addressing mode used on the command
  line. If directed route adressing is used, the local node is the source node
  and the route to the destination port is known apriori.
  On the other hand, if LID route (or by-name) addressing is imployed,
  then the source and destination ports of a route are specified by their LIDs
  (or by the names defined in the topology file). In this case, the actual path
  from the local port to the source port, and from the source port to the
  destination port, is defined by means of Subnet Management Linear Forwarding
  Table queries of the switch nodes along those paths. Therefore, the path
  cannot be predicted as it may change.
  The tool allows omitting the source node, in which case the local port on the
  machine running the tool is assumed to be the source.
  Note: When ibdiagpath queries for the performance counters along the path between
  the source and destination ports, it always traverses the LID route, even if a
  directed route is specified. If along the LID route one or more links are not
  in the ACTIVE state, ibdiagpath reports an error.

OPTIONS

=over

  -n <[src-name,]dst-name>: Names of the source and destination ports (as defined in the
                            topology file; source may be omitted local port is assumed to
                            be the source)
  -l <[src-lid,]dst-lid>  : Source and destination LIDs (source may be omitted local port
                            is assumed to be the source)
  -d <p1,p2,p3,...>       : directed route from the local node (which is the
                            source) and the destination node
  -c <count>              : The number of packets to be sent from source to
                            destination nodes (default = 100)
  -v                      : Provide full verbosity about the checks performed on
                            every port
  -t <topo-file>          : Specifies the topology file name
  -s <sys-name>           : Specifies the local system name. Meaningful only if
                            a topology file is specified
  -i <dev-index>          : Specifies the index of the device of the port used
                            to connect to the IB fabric (in case of multiple
                            devices on the local system)
  -p <port-num>           : Specifies the local device's port number used to
                            connect to the IB fabric
  -o <out-dir>            : Specifies the directory where the output files will
                            be placed (default = /tmp)

=back

=over

  -h/--help               : Prints this help information
  -V/--version            : Prints the version of the tool
     --vars               : Prints the tool's environment variables and their
                            values

=back

ERROR CODES

=over

  1 - The path traced is un-healthy
  2 - Failed to parse command line options
  3 - More then 64 hops are required for traversing the local port to the "from"
      port and then to the "to" port.
  4 - Unable to traverse the LFT data from source to destination

=back

